Thank you for what you are doing this morning on this beautiful Christmas Sunday morning.
We are so excited.
Speak to our hearts in these few moments.
We love you Lord.
In Jesus' name and everyone said amen.
Amen.
Please come nearer those of you far away.
You can come unless you have babies you want to stay far but why should the baby make you stay far away?
The baby is supposed to make you come nearer to
Alright, you may be seated in the presence of the Lord.
You know, I want you to believe something.
Today is Christmas, so I'm going to be just sharing a short but important message about Christmas.
Amen.
So let's start with Luke chapter 1, verse 26.
In the sixth month, the angel Gabriel was sent from God
unto a city of Galilee named Nazareth.
To a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph of the house of David, and the virgin's name was Mary.
And the angel came in unto her and said, Hail thou art highly favored, Lord is with thee.
And when she saw him, she was troubled.
And the angel said to her, Fear not, Mary.
thou shall conceive.
Vestetitu, he shall be great, and he shall be called the son of the highest.
And vestetitu, he shall reign over the house of David.
And then said Mary to the angel, how shall this be seen?
Not I know, not a man.
And the angel said unto her, the holy ghost shall come unto thee, and the power of the highest shall overshadow thee.
All right?
that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God.
And behold thy cousin Elizabeth she has also conceived a son in her old age this is the sixth month with her who was called barren verse 37 for with God nothing shall be impossible.
Today I want the first point in your heart must be that
with God, nothing is impossible.
What is impossible to you?
That's the question I'm asking.
What is impossible sounding to you today?
God has a word for you.
That whatever in your life looks like it's impossible.
God is saying to you today, just ask,
Jesus was born of a virgin and John the Baptist was born by an old lady.
God is telling you that nothing shall be impossible to you in your life from now.
And in particular, there is something in your life.
in your life.
How many can think of something you really want either to happen or to change or to manifest or to exist that looks impossible.
You have anything like that in your life.
You all have something like that.
I thought I was the only person who had something like that.
Wow.
This is the message
of the Lord to you that nothing shall be impossible.
For nothing, for with God, nothing shall be impossible.
What is your dream that looks impossible?
What happiness is there that looks impossible?
What place is there
That looks impossible that you'll never be there.
What state is there?
That looks like you can never achieve that state or status.
Today, by the word of the Lord, receive the instruction and the prophecy that in
impossible this December, you will find out that with God, nothing shall be impossible.
Receive it in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Is that enough for you?
Can you go home with that?
I'm sure you can.
It's enough.
You want more?
What looks impossible?
I want you to write down one thing that looks impossible.
Now, take it, you can write it even in your coded form.
You people must learn how to write things in your coded form.
And write it, huh?
December 2019.
It looks impossible.
it feels impossible.
It senses, I sense it's impossible.
Especially things to do with joy that bring joy and happiness that look far and impossible.
Receive the power and the grace by prophetic strength as I prophesy to you, you will prosper and God will do it.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
Amen.
Wow.
Is it amazing?
It's amazing.
Is it fantastic?
It's fantastic.
Beautiful.
Now,
Verse two, the people that walked in darkness have seen a great light, and they that dwell in the land of the shadow of death, upon them hath the light shined.
Whatever represents darkness in your life, a light is beginning to shine
in Jesus' name.
You know, there that sat, that walked in darkness.
It's like it's dark.
And then a great light begins to shine.
May you enjoy a great change in your life in 2020.
Yes.
You know,
expect something so different that it helps you to forget.
Do you know what helps you to forget?
One of the things people realize I don't know is that sometimes when there is something really sad and bad, the way to forget and move on is to move on.
Shall I give you, explain why?
Yeah.
You see, if you ask me now, what is on my mind?
What, what do I remember?
Let's say in terms of healing Jesus Crusade.
I remember Drobu.
I remember Tepa.
I remember Gosu.
This is fresh in my mind.
I remember Botswana.
But even Rwanda is a little distant to me.
And Burundi is a little far sounding.
And Malawi is far.
I don't even remember the names of the towns.
But I was there.
Uganda.
Do you see?
Namibia.
So they are becoming far.
So if they were bad memories, because new ones have been created, the bad ones are fading.
Receive a total fading of bad memories in 2020 with new good memories in 2020.
Keep walking.
Keep moving.
Don't stay there and mourn.
Don't stay in one spot and cry.
Keep moving on.
And you will find that you seem to wonder.
Because I can't even remember having church at Colegono.
I can't even remember preaching at the Kodesh.
I used to preach there.
But I give in the canteen.
And I can't remember even the cafeteria.
And Commonwealth Hall.
And Lagone Hall Chapel.
And the UNB Block.
They have faded memories.
All bad things are going to fade out of your mind.
And new memories are going to come into your life, in your heart.
Did that certain darkness have seen something different?
this coming year, you will see something different from what you've been seeing in the name of Jesus Christ.
The faith is the greatest blessing that God has given to us.
Through faith, you can walk through a river.
You know what you have?
It's not money.
If I was to say through money, you can walk through the river.
You will see that you are at a loss.
what you have at least is to believe.
And that's why I'm pumping it into you that something better is coming into your life which is going to wipe away your bad memories in the name of Jesus Christ.
They that sat in darkness have seen a great light.
Wow, whatever represents a dark shadow, a dark cloud, a difficult season, a bad memory,
A great light is coming to wipe that out in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Tell your neighbor congratulations for being here on this Christmas day of prophecy.
Hallelujah.
Now, verse six.
Why?
Why is this great change taking place?
because verse six says four.
Four means because.
Four is an English word which means because or because.
Because.
And to us.
Wow.
A child is born.
A visitor has come.
And to us a son is given.
And the government shall be upon his shoulder.
Now, you can see the government is on the shoulders of different characters and types of people.
It's not easy under all these governments which are on shoulders of different
people.
Yes.
Different, different, different shoulders.
The government used to be on the shoulders of the white man in Ghana.
And we were not happy.
We said Ghana, our beloved country is free forever.
We have a right to manage our own affairs.
Huh?
We are taking our culture and our heritage.
We will no longer submit to the colonial masters.
We are taking the government onto our shoulders directly.
Wow.
We had CPP shoulders.
After CPP, we had NLC.
Shoulders.
Yeah, before your turn.
We had, we had, we had PFP.
PFP, popular something.
Yes.
We had CPP.
And then we had, Hilali, man, what was it?
PNP.
No, it was PNP.
That was Hila, Dr. Hilali, man.
Then we had... We had SNC.
Supreme Military Council.
One.
SNC one.
Then we had SNC to Supreme Military Council.
Two.
Then we had AFRC.
Armed Forces Revolutionary Council.
Shoulders of arms.
Different types of shoulders.
Revolutionary shoulders.
Shoulders with guns.
Then we had PNDC shoulders.
We had UNC, I think they didn't ever get their shoulders to work.
My father was in UNC at that point.
UGCC.
Then we had NDC.
Then we had NPP, shoulders.
If you drive from Akra to Kumasi, you just wonder which shoulders have been holding these weights.
It's amazing, but there is good news.
You know, when we were going to Droboyam, we were at a point, it was the night, the cow was sitting.
the darkness in the forests.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
Yes.
Forests.
No lights.
We pass by where this lady was killed.
Eboni.
Yes.
No, there's no tar.
That's the main road.
Oh, there's good news for us.
The government shall be upon his shoulders.
Go to America and see Confucian.
Go to England and see Confucian.
Every country there's Confucian.
It's constant.
Go to Europe.
They are forcing little boys to turn into girls.
Officially.
Just as they've given money to Ghana.
government to teach such sexuality.
And the shoulders also receive the monies to come and impart it.
What a shoulder.
Hmm.
But his name shall be called wonderful.
Expect.
Have you received this person who has come into the world?
Jesus.
Expect wonderful things in your life.
That's what I told you.
2020 is your year of wonders.
You're going to see wonders that you've never imagined you would ever see.
Amen.
Beautiful.
Counselor.
Counselor is the
Whatever advice, bad advice you've been getting, you are going to start getting good advice.
Good advice makes all the difference.
Yes.
You'll be saying forever, I found court that they advise me to do this.
I found court that I had that word, that advice.
Don't do this, do this.
This is better.
Counselor.
Beginning this year,
and into the future.
You will no more be a fool.
Because Jesus is making you full of good counsel.
Yes.
Beautiful.
And his name shall be called mighty God.
Ah.
You are going to have a God.
Mighty.
Who has the football?
Do you have the football?
The
Bring the church football please.
And those of you with beads.
Give me beads.
I need a bead.
Mighty God.
Mighty.
I need three beads.
Three beads.
I don't need ropes.
I need a beat.
So if you know, you can't give me a single beat.
God bless you.
I just need a beat.
Ah, this is my football.
Go here.
Stand over there.
Mighty God.
Where is he?
Who is dashing me a beat?
Ah, I've been a toffee.
No, it's a beat.
Is it a beat?
Ah, I've got a beat.
Three beats.
Bring the football.
Look at my beads.
Can you see my beads?
If this is the Sun, actually by ratio, the Sun is this size.
Okay, I'm changing all the distance.
When I say 93 million miles, you don't understand.
So, you know, most of you, you know yourself already.
So, I don't want to confuse you, okay?
It's Christmas time.
So this, this is the Sun.
If this is the size of the sun, this bead is the size of the F. Yeah.
And Venus is the same size, almost the same size as the F. Okay.
Mercury is a little smaller.
And the moon is one quarter the size of the F. So this is the bead.
Okay.
So go sun, go this way.
Now I want somebody to measure.
I'm changing all the millions into feet.
Okay, into meter, that's Christmas.
No, go to, yes, no right there.
So measure, nine, 10 around, 10 in faces, faces.
Starts, who's taking the steps, meters.
23.
How much is that, feet?
No, it's feet.
It's feet.
So we need feet, yes.
No, so three divided by three.
So what you do divided by three, yes.
So that's 10 meters.
Okay, give me that one.
Okay, beautiful.
That's mercury.
This is mercury.
How many was that, 33?
Another 10, come.
Who's doing that?
I need another beat.
Another beat like that one is good.
Yeah, this is Venus.
That's the sun shining.
No, that's Mercury.
This is Venus.
Another 33.
That's F. Now, the moon is next to the F. You have a moon?
Yeah.
The moon is two inches from the F. Somebody hold it.
The moon is two inches.
Hold it there.
Close to it.
No, two inches.
So this is the distance that the rocket has gone.
The rocket that went to the moon, two and a half in 285,000 miles.
And my house is here.
And your house is in the small beach.
Your house is in the small beach.
The first love center is in that beach.
Mighty Gordo.
And it's like, oh, this is, what do you call it?
Earth.
This is Venus.
Venus.
Amazing.
And this is lifted up high so we can see the beat.
And that's the sun there.
And the sun is one of the smallest stars.
Yes.
Now 480 is how much?
Divide it by three.
48.
What's the zero?
Yes.
So this is 93.
I want somebody to do 400.
80, this way, to go to the mood changing.
One beat, yes, take one beat.
We need a beat.
You can give us your ear, we'll give it back, we promise.
Take one beat.
So this is 93, which is 30.
So we need what, 130, more than a 93.
No, from the sun, from the sun, 480, 480 million miles.
So divided 160, okay.
Please come and start from the 160 steps.
Yes, 160 steps must take you to Jupiter.
That's where Jupiter is.
And Jupiter is one of the near ones.
Okay.
10, yes, correct.
18, right.
It should be around 33 when you get to Joe.
Is it 30?
Yes, keep going to 100 and what?
160.
We are going to Jupiter before, after that is Saturn.
No, no, even Mars is in between here.
I want him to get to Jupiter.
I wanted to get to Jupiter.
Kamaraman, are you there?
Uh huh.
He's not yet reached Jupiter.
He's going after what?
He has to go outside to get to Jupiter.
Okay, you lift your hand over there so we can see.
Hey!
That's where Jupiter is, and F is here.
So that's why Jupiter is cold, eh?
It's cold.
Even Mars is cold.
Mars is not after this one.
So that's why they're cold.
And if you move the Earth a little closer by, let's say, one inch, we will all burn.
Yeah, if you move just one inch this way, we will burn.
It's too hot.
If you move one inch back, it will be too cold.
We are fixed exactly in the right spot.
Mighty God.
This is the God who is going to bring your greatest breakthrough.
And this mighty God has given birth to a son.
On this little beach.
Where is F?
Are you F?
He is F. Has given to birth to this son.
On this F. All our rockets have not been able to do anything.
That is why when they sent a rocket in 1977, it got to Jupiter after two years, flying at 46,000 miles per hour.
A plane normally flies at 800 miles per hour.
It was about 46,000 miles per hour.
It took two years to get to Jupiter.
And the stars are far, the stars that we don't even reach there.
And there's one star which is as big as from the sun.
and it's huge and covers up to Jupiter.
One star.
That's how big the stars are.
The stars are far bigger than all these planets.
So where is God?
And who is God?
He's a mighty God.
And we are nothing.
We are bad dust.
Who are thou that were mindful?
Who is the man that was mindful of him?
So this mighty God is going to intervene, and I want you to put your trust in him, that this year, coming year, whatever represents darkness, difficulty, wickedness, God is changing it in Jesus' name.
How many remember the planet?
You can see this.
Raise it up.
Look at the sun.
How's it?
30, 33, 93 million miles.
Yes, the Jupiter there.
Jupiter, you can come, it's okay.
Clap for these wonderful astronauts.
Back to my verse, Isaiah.
His name shall be called counselor, mighty God, the everlasting father, the prince of peace.
Wow.
And of the increase of his government and peace, there shall be no end.
and upon the throne of David and upon his kingdom to order it and to establish it with justice from henceforth even forever.
Revelations chapter 22, our last scripture.
Now, how many will agree with me that when Jesus was born, it's as though the everlasting Father kissed the air?
I'm doing something for these people.
I'm intervening in these rats.
We agree that we are rats.
We are like some running around rats.
You don't even know what we are up to.
We don't have the faintest idea of what to do.
We're just running around in circles, buying food, eating, pooping, we win, sleeping, getting up, having, giving birth, dying, giving birth, living, short time going to school, coming, crying, getting up, going.
Then
almighty everlasting father decides to I will kiss the earth.
I will bring a little bit of heaven to earth.
Next year is a year of heaven on earth for you.
What is in heaven?
Look at what is in heaven.
Revelations 22 verse one.
And I saw a river, pure river, water of life, clear as crystal.
Remember,
When you are more heavenly, your life is clear.
We can see through.
When you are far from heaven, you are like a mystery wall.
Yes, you are full of shadows and mysteries.
You are like Fenty Kenke.
Every leaf you remove leads to another leaf.
It's not like that.
Never say that.
Don't even venture.
It's never like that.
It's the fancy KK.
That is like that.
Each leaf you remove leads to another leaf.
You'd have thought that you are coming to meet the KK, but it leads to another leaf.
And now you meet a rubber.
Hey.
Clear.
Everybody say clear.
Clear as crystal.
Beautiful.
Proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb.
That's heaven.
and in the midst of a tree, on either side, with 12 manna of fruits, and he yielded her fruit every month.
The more heaven is in your life, you bear fruit every month.
Yes.
You don't just serve God on Christmas day, or just serve God once in a blue moon.
Today our service is we are just having fun.
Somebody told his daughter, and as I was going to say,
Do you know how to say have fun?
So say have fun.
We are just having fun.
We don't serve God once a year.
He said, 12 man of fruits every month, there's fruits.
In 2020, you'll be bearing fruit every month.
In Jesus' name.
And the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations, not the healing of Africa, the healing of the nations.
All nations need healing.
All nations are twisted.
All nations are crooked.
All nations are corrupt.
Yes.
That is why in America, as they are trying to impeach Trump, you see that this group will say he has done nothing wrong.
This group will say he has done everything wrong.
And no matter what you say, these people will say he's done wrong.
And these people will say he's done nothing wrong.
You can see the corruption.
And what they are doing
to Donald Trump, that's what they did to Bill Clinton.
Those who is being done to, that was what was done to them.
When Bill Clinton was the Democratic, whatever, they took him on this girl, whatever issue, even when they finished, they were asking themselves, was it an impeachable issue of a whole president?
And when they finished, the one who was prosecuting them was found to be more
Well done.
Beautiful.
So, Earth is for the healing of the nations, not the healing of Africa.
So, when Jesus comes, He will heal Africa.
No, He will heal America too.
He will heal England, He will heal Asia.
All those countries are sick.
Look at it.
Next one.
And there shall be no more castes.
Yes, this is the main thing that is here.
That's why you can see from last week and I keep on
emphasizing on it, they need to do things to remove the cases.
The cases are strong.
They are in the system.
They are real things.
This is the main characteristic of heaven is that there shall be no more cases.
And you can see that it's not the case of this or the case of this, but there are cases.
There are things we bring cases.
So as we move into 2020, your life is being kissed with no case, no more case.
No more cash.
Whatever represents a cash and whatever brings a cash is ending in your life in Jesus' name.
Amen.
And the next verse.
And they shall see his face and his name shall be in their foreheads.
How many want to see Jesus' face?
Oh, you know.
Sometimes to see somebody's face is the blessing.
And to not see the person's face is the beginning of the case.
Yes.
When Ronald Bonke went to Germany the last time, he said, I'll see you.
He said, I'll see you in heaven.
He spoke German.
He preached in German.
He said, I'll see you in heaven.
I'll see you in heaven.
You will not see my face again.
All told people, you will not see my face again.
And that's why one of the great blessings of heaven is you shall see his face.
Yes.
You shall see his face.
You can be around but you will not see somebody.
But you can also be there where you see the person.
Like those of you in the first life that you are seeing my face.
Those in the convention are not seeing my face.
those in other churches are not seeing my face this morning.
There's a difference.
Yes.
You shall see my face.
That's fine.
And there shall be no night.
There shall need no candle.
Another light of the sun for the Lord God giving them light and they shall reign forever.
Whatever is controlling you, you will control it.
2020, what is controlling you?
You will control it.
2020, what is above you this year?
You will be above that thing in 2020.
You are receiving a kiss from heaven.
Verse six.
And he said unto me, these are true and faithful sayings that the Lord sent the holy prophets unto his servant to show you the things which must be shortly be done.
It will happen soon.
in your life.
As I prophesied to you, as I speak to you, he said, he told Ezekiel, prophesy to these dead bones and tell them, live, live.
And they started to live.
Whatever is dead in your life will start living quickly and soon.
In Jesus' name.
Next verse.
Behold, I come quickly.
Blessed is he that keeps the same of the prophecy of this book.
So, prophecies are things you have to keep.
and you have to believe and you have to walk in.
He blessed is he that keeps the sins of the prophecy.
So when I prophesy this change, nothing shall be impossible.
Whatever is impossible looking today, this December, by next year, by this time, you'll find out that not only has it become possible, but it has even become historical.
Amen.
So blessed is he that keeps the
of the prophecy.
Yes.
So prophecy is also something that must be flowed with and obeyed.
Verse eight.
Oh, I John saw these things and I heard them.
And when I had heard and seen, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which showed me these things.
Verse nine.
And he said to be seated on your fellow servants and of the prophets which
of them which keep the saints of this book.
See, there are people that keep and obey prophecies.
Yes.
And he said unto me, seal not the saints of this prophecy of this book.
For the time is at hand.
When you don't understand something, it means it's sealed.
That's why I said, don't seal it.
Let it be understood now.
Whatever you don't understand this year,
It will be unsealed in 2020.
You start understanding the Bible.
You start understanding the preaching.
You start understanding the messages.
You start understanding many things you never understood before.
In Jesus' name.
Verse 11.
He that is unjust, let him be unjust still.
He that is filthy, let him be filthy still.
He that is righteous, let him be righteous still.
And he that is holy, let him be holy still.
You see, there comes a time when God says, I will struggle with you again.
Whatever I want to do, do it.
It's up to you.
May you never be left in your mud.
In the name of Jesus.
Let he that is filthy, be filthy.
Just do it, do it.
Because judgment is at hand.
Verse 12, beautiful.
And behold, I can't quickly, my reward is with me to give every man according as his work shall be.
You must, one of the things about humans is that we fail to give rewards to people who should be rewarded.
That's one of the reasons why people don't want to work for somebody.
And especially the government, because we fail to give rewards.
where people deserve rewards.
Yes.
We fail to give rewards where people deserve rewards.
But Jesus is saying, I'm coming with my reward to give everybody according as his work shall be.
Hallelujah.
Sometimes those who don't do the work are rewarded and those who do the work are just ignored.
It's true.
true or not true?
True.
Yes.
But his reward is in his hand.
Whatever reward you deserve, beginning from 2020, it will not be denied you in the name of Jesus Christ.
Amen.
Verse 13, I am the alpha and the omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.
Next verse.
Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have a right to the tree of life
and they may enter into the gates of the city.
May you never be excluded.
Amen.
From a good thing.
From a good place.
Whatever you have been excluded from, eh?
This year, last year you were as well.
Stay outside.
Next year you will not be excluded.
You will be brought in.
You will be allowed to enter in.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
Verse 15.
For without are dogs.
Who are dogs?
Dogs are less than humans.
The plate that you give your dog is not the plate that you give to a human being.
No.
He has a leftover.
When you spiritually become a dog, you are outside.
Yes.
Outside are dogs.
To be a dog is to be living
but have been excluded in a certain way that makes you a dog.
Outside are dogs.
They are less than.
They are no more valued.
You can't be really lightning.
You never think of the dog.
Be there and survive.
You never say get an umbrella for the dog.
Outside are dogs.
When you have become, and Paul spoke about dogs in the Philippines, he's missing dogs.
Beware of dogs, yeah.
But without our dogs.
So when you become a, these are not natural dogs.
These must be spiritual dogs.
He's not talking about physical dogs, he's like outside as spiritual dogs.
Excluded, reduced, demoted,
and wanted devalued.
It will not happen to you.
Amen.
Heaven has come to earth and a kiss by the Son of God on this earth is changing everything in your life.
His name shall be called wonderful, mighty God everlasting Father.
Outside our sorceress.
Anyone here with doubling with occultism, spells, entanglement, or any other kind of power that is not God's power, leave it to, it will never, you will never be free.
Yes.
Have I told you the story of the man who took the chicken and removed all the feathers?
I told you before.
He took a chicken, removed all the feathers, and the chicken without feathers
Normally a chicken has feathers.
He removed the feathers while it was alive and it was working.
And he put the chicken in a room.
In fact, he went to see, it was a man who went to see a jujuman and asked the jujuman to help him to do something to be rich.
The man was telling me to be rich.
So the man told him get a chicken, remove all the feathers and put him in a room.
Know what I know food for three weeks.
So the chicken was alive.
Know what I know food without feathers and it was in the room.
And he said, after 21 days, release the chicken.
And when the chicken comes out, you take corn in your hand, like this full, as much as you can.
And then the chicken which hasn't eaten for three weeks and hasn't drank water, okay?
You give all the corns, you pour it on the ground.
And the chicken which hasn't eaten, for three which hasn't drank, will eat the corns.
And after that, you'll be rich.
you are going to be rich for the number of cons left that the chicken didn't eat.
The chicken which hasn't eaten for three weeks and hasn't drank.
The cons that are left are the number of years that you enjoy the riches.
So this man told me that when he heard that this is the number of years left, he changed his mind.
He said, I don't like it again.
No denier is free.
Anyone here with any other power, other than the power of God, lead it today.
Disconnect.
It's not worth it.
Outside are dogs.
Outside are sorcerers.
Look at the list too.
These are one of our things.
The next one.
Hormongous.
Change the version so that you understand.
Hormongous is where we don't understand.
Change the version.
Sexually immoral.
Yes?
sexually immoral.
Yeah.
You've become quite now.
This is the list.
The list of those who are outside heaven.
Outside the gates.
When I was saying dogs, you were saying wow.
When I was saying sausage, you were saying wow.
That's why you see, it's better to marry than to bend.
Marry and be free than to be doing things.
And when you marry, do the marriage well.
If you don't do it well, you will still have a problem.
Outside are the sorceress and the sexually immoral.
Yes.
And you know there's a range of things.
Sexually immoral.
It's a range.
So if you want to play with it, you can play with it.
Will you go to heaven?
One day a brother was fornicating and an omnibus was passing by and the driver blew the horn.
He jumped out of the bed like a rocket because he thought it was a rapture.
And the rapture had caught him.
You will never be outside the gate in the name of Jesus.
Whatever you must do, do it.
Whatever seems impossible this year, it will be possible next year.
Whatever in darkness you are in today, you will be in the light in the name of Jesus Christ.
You can make it and you are making it in Jesus name.
The list is serious.
Strong list.
Murderers.
Killers.
Abortion is murder.
Judge is quiet, eh?
Because you are thinking to yourself, me, what murder have I committed?
Young men, marry and be free.
You must marry when you are young.
That's what Bible calls about the wife of your youth.
It is in your youth that you need a wife more than any other.
It's not easy to be a youth without a wife.
You are burning into ashes.
Fire services have been called day and night.
Water is
Because fire service has taken all the water.
Only you.
John says it's not, it's not burning.
You don't, you, you, you don't agree with my preaching.
What is the water?
It doesn't agree with my preaching.
Gifts of water.
It doesn't believe me.
Oh, fire the man.
It says of people like Kent to listen to that message.
Murderers have been added to the list.
The next one, idol worshipers, money lovers, money lovers, money workers, people who give up ministry for money.
and for jobs, people who give up their calling for money and for advantage and for countries and for visas and green cards.
All those people, idol worshipers who have worshiped the idol of riches and establishment.
All of them outside.
Yes.
Idol worshipers.
Visa worshipers.
Live to remain worshipers.
green card worshippers.
I be card worshippers.
Next next and then and all who love to live a lie.
to live a lie but change it to the King James.
King James.
He says, who's to
Hmm.
Whosoever love it and make it a lie.
Lying is not a small thing.
It's not a small, it's the entrance to evil.
Yes.
It's the entrance to evil.
I tell you.
Most of us have trivialized lying.
We tell lies effortlessly.
That means we descend effortlessly.
That means we exclude ourselves effortlessly.
Just lying.
That's why there are times I've taught you.
This is how to speak.
I can't discuss this.
I can't discuss it.
It's a difficult topic.
Please excuse me.
Don't ask about this.
I don't want to please allow me.
I'm not feeling well now.
I can't speak.
It's better than to lie.
I'm not ready to discuss this.
I have no comment to make at this time.
I have a covenant I can't speak.
Leave me alone.
It's above you.
It's above your pay grade.
These are the people that are outside heaven.
You'll never be outside heaven.
Verse 16.
I have sent my angel to testify on to you these things in the churches.
One day we will be in heaven and you see outside somebody you say, Hey, Ephonica is outside.
You see someone said, a liar is outside there.
You see somebody said, I'm so sorry.
And the list, the reference always says, notice when there is a list.
Notice the things that are in the list to let you know that what type of thing it is.
There are some things being mentioned alongside sorcery, murder.
These are high level things.
All of them are in the same group.
So heaven has come on this Christmas day.
And this heaven has kissed our useless wretchedness.
And he's saying, my children, I offer you something different from the wretchedness of human beings.
Lift up your eyes and see the mighty God, the everlasting Father.
He's stretching out his arms to you.
A new life is offered to you.
A different life, a better life, a joyful life.
May you have joy because Jesus came.
to this world.
Stand to your feet please.
Let us pray.
Father, thank you for this opportunity on this Christmas day for what you've done for us.
We are grateful.
Bless our hearts.
Bless our lives.
Heal us.
Deliver us from evil.
We thank you as we submit ourselves to you.
we lift our hands and we say thank you for Jesus for sending Jesus to this world to bring us the taste of heaven.
May we never be excluded from this wonderful gift of heaven.
We are grateful heavenly father in Jesus name we pray.
Amen.
As every head is bad and every eye closed if you want to give your life to Jesus raise up your hand right now and I'm going to pray with you.
Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to God.
Maybe somebody invited you but you want to taste heaven
have Jesus as your savior.
God bless you.
God bless.
If you've lifted your hand, you want to give your life to the Lord today.
I want me to pray with you.
Then lift your hand and come to me in the front here.
Come.
Come from where you are standing.
God bless you.
Come all the way.
to your will and I submit myself to your power.
Save me.
Say it out loud.
Say save me.
Change me today.
I love you Jesus and I thank you in Jesus name.
Amen.
God bless you.
I want to give you one of my books and I want to give you one of my books.
What's your
God bless you.
Take your seat after church.
We want to talk with you over there, all right?
This way.
You may be seated.
Do we have communion as well today?
Beautiful.
your son to die for us and as we come on this Christmas day before your table, bless and heal us of all our infirmities, we receive your body and we know that what is in your body is good and we are receiving the confirmation of healing and we are receiving life, long life from the mighty God the everlasting Father.
We receive your body, we receive your power,
receive it in Jesus' name, the body of Jesus Christ.
Now whatever represents a lie in your life, by this blood, it is canceled, it is washed,
It is cleansed forever.
Whatever represents a mistake by this blood is washed away.
Whatever represents evidence against you.
Evidence used to condemn you by this blood is washed away.
You are a new person.
You are a better person.
The blood of Jesus Christ.
your hands.
Receive your blessing.
May you never be excluded from heaven.
May you never be called a dog and made to be less than those in the house.
May you never be outside the house while there are people inside the house.
May you be included in the good things and above all
forward into the new year.
Whatever seems impossible really looks impossible this year has become possible for you practically.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
Whatever looks far away has become near this year.
In the name of Jesus.
Whatever you are not good at doing
this year, beginning from now, you'll be good at doing it.
Whatever made you fail in 2019, in certain areas of your life, in 2020, beginning from 2020, you will see a big improvement.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
You'll never be a source of concern to your parents.
never be a source of worry to those who love you.
Those who love you will love you freely.
Those who like you will like you freely.
There's an improvement in your life.
In the name of Jesus.
I see a divine turn around.
God is turning again your captivity.
God is turning again your
the blessing of the Lord.
And may your Christmas truly be a merry Christmas.
In Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.